content/configuration/sso.md, before:

---
title: "SSO"
metaTitle: "SSO"
metaDescription: "How to setup Single-Sign-On (SSO) via SAML2."
---

Single-Sign-On (via SAML2) is available on OpenReplay Enterprise Edition only.

## Identity Provider (IDP) configuration

In you Identity Provider's dashboard, create a new app called `openreplay` (you can use this [icon](../static/favicon.png)), In the configuration page, make sure to set the following value (please make sure to replace `YOUR_DOMAIN` with the correct value, example `https://openreplay.mycompany.com`):

| Variable | Value |
|----------|-------------|
| Audience (also called EntityID) | `YOUR_DOMAIN/api/sso/saml2/metadata/`|
| Single Sign On URL (also called ACS URL or Consumer URL) | `YOUR_DOMAIN/api/sso/saml2/acs` |
| Single Logout URL (also called SLO URL, optional) | `YOUR_DOMAIN/api/sso/saml2/sls` |
| Name ID (sometimes it is configurable in the 'Attribute Statements' or the 'Parameters' section) | `Email` or `EmailAddress` or `urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:1.1:nameid-format:emailAddress`, depending on your Identity Provider |
| SAML initiator | Set it to `Service Provider` (optional) |

In the 'Attribute Statements' or the 'Parameters' section, please make sure to define the following fields:

| Field | Value |
|----------|-------------|
| tenantKey | Its value can be found in the Dashboard, under 'Preferences' > 'Account' |
| firstName | `user.firstName` |
| lastName |  `user.lastName` |
| internalId | internal ID or `user.email` (the user's ID in your identity management system) (optional) |

You should now have all the required values for the next step/section.

## SSO (SAML2) configuration

To enable SSO, edit `chalice.yaml` in `openreplay/scripts/helm/app/` and update the below variables in `env` section:

| Variable | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| idp_entityId | The `entityId` of your identity provider, also referred to as `Issuer URL` |
| idp_sso_url | The `singleSignOnService` of your identity provider, also referred to as `SAML 2.0 Endpoint (HTTP)` |
| idp_x509cert | The `x509cert`, must be a one-line string, without line breaks. You can use the [FORMAT A X509 CERTIFICATE tool](https://www.samltool.com/format_x509cert.php) to format your value |
| idp_name | The identity provider's name (optional) |
| idp_sls_url | The `singleLogoutService` of your identity provider, also referred to as `SLO Endpoint (HTTP)` (optional) |

Then, reinstall the web server for the changes to take effect:

```bash
cd openreplay/scripts/helm && ./openreplay-cli -i chalice
```

## Example using Okta

1. Login to you Okta administration dashboard and go to 'Applications' > 'Applications'
2. Press 'Create new app integration', then select SAML 2.0 and press 'Next'
3. Set the 'App Name' to openreplay (you can upload this [icon](../static/favicon.png) for your application) then press 'Next'
4. Set:
    - **Single sign on URL** to `YOUR_DOMAIN/api/sso/saml2/acs`
    - **Audience URI (SP Entity ID)** to `YOUR_DOMAIN/api/sso/saml2/metadata/`
    - **Name ID format** to `EmailAddress`
5. Define the below fields in 'Attribute Statements':
    - **tenantKey**: format `Basic` and set the value to the one you got from OpenReplay dashboard under 'Preferences' > 'Account'
    - **firstName**: format `Basic` and set the value to `user.firstName`
    - **lastName**: format `Basic` and set the value to `user.lastName`
    - **internalId**: format `Basic` and set the value to `user.email`
6. Define the below field in 'Group Attribute Statements':
    - **role**: format `Basic` filter `Match Regex` value `.*` (or you can specify a different filter and regex according to your needs)
7. Press Next, Select 'I'm a software vendor. I'd like to integrate my app with Okta' then press 'Finish'
8. In the Sign On tab, scroll down and press 'View Setup Instructions' to see you SAML2 configuration
9.  In your server, go to `openreplay/scripts/helm/app` and edit `chalice.yaml`
10. Under the `env` section, set the following attributes:
   - **idp_entityId**: Identity Provider Issuer
   - **idp_sso_url**: Identity Provider Single Sign-On URL
   - **idp_x509cert**: X.509 Certificate, must be a one-line string, without line breaks (ou can use the [FORMAT A X509 CERTIFICATE tool](https://www.samltool.com/format_x509cert.php) to format your value)
   - **idp_name**: okta
12. Finally, save your changes and reinstall the web server: 

```bash
cd openreplay/scripts/helm && ./openreplay-cli -i chalice
```

Commit message:

:broom: Added role to SSO

content/configuration/sso.md, after:

---
title: "SSO"
metaTitle: "SSO"
metaDescription: "How to setup Single-Sign-On (SSO) via SAML2."
---

Single-Sign-On (via SAML2) is available on OpenReplay Enterprise Edition only.

## Identity Provider (IDP) configuration

In you Identity Provider's dashboard, create a new app called `openreplay` (you can use this [icon](../static/favicon.png)), In the configuration page, make sure to set the following value (please make sure to replace `YOUR_DOMAIN` with the correct value, example `https://openreplay.mycompany.com`):

| Variable | Value |
|----------|-------------|
| Audience (also called EntityID) | `YOUR_DOMAIN/api/sso/saml2/metadata/`|
| Single Sign On URL (also called ACS URL or Consumer URL) | `YOUR_DOMAIN/api/sso/saml2/acs` |
| Single Logout URL (also called SLO URL, optional) | `YOUR_DOMAIN/api/sso/saml2/sls` |
| Name ID (sometimes it is configurable in the 'Attribute Statements' or the 'Parameters' section) | `Email` or `EmailAddress` or `urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:1.1:nameid-format:emailAddress`, depending on your Identity Provider |
| SAML initiator | Set it to `Service Provider` (optional) |

In the 'Attribute Statements' or the 'Parameters' section, please make sure to define the following fields:

| Field | Value |
|----------|-------------|
| tenantKey | Its value can be found in the Dashboard, under 'Preferences' > 'Account' |
| firstName | `user.firstName` |
| lastName |  `user.lastName` |
| internalId | Internal ID or `user.email` (the user's ID in your identity management system) (optional) |
| role | The user's role, depending on you Identity Provider it can be `user.role` or `group`, etc. (optional) |

You should now have all the required values for the next step/section.

## SSO (SAML2) configuration

To enable SSO, edit `chalice.yaml` in `openreplay/scripts/helm/app/` and update the below variables in `env` section:

| Variable | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| idp_entityId | The `entityId` of your identity provider, also referred to as `Issuer URL` |
| idp_sso_url | The `singleSignOnService` of your identity provider, also referred to as `SAML 2.0 Endpoint (HTTP)` |
| idp_x509cert | The `x509cert`, must be a one-line string, without line breaks. You can use the [FORMAT A X509 CERTIFICATE tool](https://www.samltool.com/format_x509cert.php) to format your value |
| idp_name | The identity provider's name (optional) |
| idp_sls_url | The `singleLogoutService` of your identity provider, also referred to as `SLO Endpoint (HTTP)` (optional) |

Then, reinstall the web server for the changes to take effect:

```bash
cd openreplay/scripts/helm && ./openreplay-cli -i chalice
```

## Example using Okta

1. Login to you Okta administration dashboard and go to 'Applications' > 'Applications'
2. Press 'Create new app integration', then select SAML 2.0 and press 'Next'
3. Set the 'App Name' to openreplay (you can upload this [icon](../static/favicon.png) for your application) then press 'Next'
4. Set:
    - **Single sign on URL** to `YOUR_DOMAIN/api/sso/saml2/acs`
    - **Audience URI (SP Entity ID)** to `YOUR_DOMAIN/api/sso/saml2/metadata/`
    - **Name ID format** to `EmailAddress`
5. Define the below fields in 'Attribute Statements':
    - **tenantKey**: format `Basic` and set the value to the one you got from OpenReplay dashboard under 'Preferences' > 'Account'
    - **firstName**: format `Basic` and set the value to `user.firstName`
    - **lastName**: format `Basic` and set the value to `user.lastName`
    - **internalId**: format `Basic` and set the value to `user.email`
6. Define the below field in 'Group Attribute Statements':
    - **role**: format `Basic` filter `Match Regex` value `.*` (or you can specify a different filter and regex according to your needs)
7. Press Next, Select 'I'm a software vendor. I'd like to integrate my app with Okta' then press 'Finish'
8. In the Sign On tab, scroll down and press 'View Setup Instructions' to see you SAML2 configuration
9.  In your server, go to `openreplay/scripts/helm/app` and edit `chalice.yaml`
10. Under the `env` section, set the following attributes:
   - **idp_entityId**: Identity Provider Issuer
   - **idp_sso_url**: Identity Provider Single Sign-On URL
   - **idp_x509cert**: X.509 Certificate, must be a one-line string, without line breaks (ou can use the [FORMAT A X509 CERTIFICATE tool](https://www.samltool.com/format_x509cert.php) to format your value)
   - **idp_name**: okta
12. Finally, save your changes and reinstall the web server: 

```bash
cd openreplay/scripts/helm && ./openreplay-cli -i chalice
```
