src/pages/en/v1.21.0/configuration/sso.mdx, before:

---
title: "SSO"
metaTitle: "SSO"
metaDescription: "How to setup Single-Sign-On (SSO) via SAML2."
---
import ORDynamicCode from '../../../components/Code/ORDynamicCode';
export const initialValues = {domain: "YOUR_DOMAIN", tenantKey: "TENANT_KEY", port: "PORT"};
export const ignoreValues = {jumpcloud: "https://sso.jumpcloud.com"};

Single-Sign-On (via SAML2) is available on OpenReplay Enterprise Edition only.

## Identity Provider (IDP) configuration

In you Identity Provider's dashboard, create a new app called `openreplay` (you can use this <a href="https://docs.openreplay.com/static/OpenReplay.png" target="_blank">icon</a>), In the configuration page, make sure to set the following value (please make sure to replace <code>{initialValues.domain}</code> with the correct value, example `https://openreplay.mycompany.com`):

| Variable | Value |
|----------|-------------|
| ACS URL (also called Single Sign On URL or Consumer URL) | <code><ORDynamicCode id="domain" initialValue={initialValues.domain} client:idle/>/api/sso/saml2/acs/</code> |
| Entity ID (also called Audience) | <code><ORDynamicCode id="domain" initialValue={initialValues.domain} client:idle/>/api/sso/saml2/metadata/</code> |
| Single Logout URL (also called SLO URL) | <code><ORDynamicCode id="domain" initialValue={initialValues.domain} client:idle/>/api/sso/saml2/sls/</code> (optional) |
| Name ID (sometimes it is configurable in the 'Attribute Statements' or the 'Parameters' section) | `Email` or `EmailAddress` or `urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:1.1:nameid-format:emailAddress`, depending on your Identity Provider |
| SAML initiator | Set it to `Service Provider` (optional) |

In the 'Attribute Statements', or the 'Parameters' section, please make sure to define the following fields:

| Field | Value |
|----------|-------------|
| tenantKey | <code><ORDynamicCode id="tenantKey" initialValue={initialValues.tenantKey} client:idle/></code> its value can be found in the Dashboard, under 'Preferences' > 'Account' |
| firstName | `user.firstName` |
| lastName |  `user.lastName` |
| internalId | Internal ID or `user.email` (the user's ID in your identity management system) (optional) |
| role | The user's role, depending on you Identity Provider it can be `user.role` or `group`, etc. (optional, default = `member`) |
| adminPrivileges | If the user have admin privileges or not, if this field contains any value different from `false`, it will be considered as `true`. (optional, default = `false`) |

You should now have all the required values for the next step/section.

## SSO (SAML2) configuration

To enable SSO, run `openreplay -e` and uncomment then update the below env variables in `chalice` section:

| Variable | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| idp_entityId | The `entityId` of your identity provider, also referred to as `Issuer URL` |
| idp_sso_url | The `singleSignOnService` of your identity provider, also referred to as `SAML 2.0 Endpoint (HTTP)` |
| idp_x509cert | The `x509cert`, must be a one-line string, without line breaks. You can use <a href="https://www.samltool.com/format_x509cert.php" title="FORMAT A X509 CERTIFICATE" target="_blank">this tool</a> to format your value |
| idp_name | The identity provider's name (optional) |
| idp_sls_url | The `singleLogoutService` of your identity provider, also referred to as `SLO Endpoint (HTTP)` (optional) |
| enforce_SSO | If set to `true`, all connexions with username and password will be blocked (optional, default=`false`) |

Then, save and quit using `:wq` for the changes to take effect:

## OpenReplay certificate

This is optional, you can add a x509 certificate for extra SSO security:

1. run this command in your server or your secure machine (you can change the validity time of your certificate according to your needs):
```bash
openssl req -x509 -nodes -days 365 -newkey rsa:2048 -keyout openreplay-sso.key -out openreplay-sso.crt
```
1. In your server, run `openreplay -e`
2. Under the `chalice` section, add the following env variables:
- **sp_crt**: must be a one-line string, without line breaks of the generated 'openreplay-sso.crt' file (you can use <a href="https://www.samltool.com/format_x509cert.php" title="FORMAT A X509 CERTIFICATE" target="_blank">this tool</a> to format your value)
- **sp_key**: must be a one-line string, without line breaks of the generated 'openreplay-sso.key' file
1. Save and quit using `:wq` for the changes to take effect
2. Add the generated 'openreplay-sso.crt' file to your Identity Provider's application configuration

## Example using Okta

1. Login to your Okta administration dashboard and go to 'Applications' > 'Applications'
2. Press 'Create new app integration', then select SAML 2.0 and press 'Next'
3. Set the 'App Name' to OpenReplay (you can upload this <a href="https://docs.openreplay.com/static/OpenReplay.png" target="_blank">icon</a>) for your application) then press 'Next'
4. Set:
 - **Single sign on URL** to <code><ORDynamicCode id="domain" initialValue={initialValues.domain} client:idle/>/api/sso/saml2/acs/</code>
 - **Audience URI (SP Entity ID)** to <code><ORDynamicCode id="domain" initialValue={initialValues.domain} client:idle/>/api/sso/saml2/metadata/</code>
 - **Name ID format** to `EmailAddress`
5. Define the below fields in 'Attribute Statements':
 - **tenantKey**: format `Basic` and set the value to <code><ORDynamicCode id="tenantKey" initialValue={initialValues.tenantKey} client:idle/></code>, found in OpenReplay dashboard under 'Preferences' > 'Account'
 - **firstName**: format `Basic` and set the value to `user.firstName`
 - **lastName**: format `Basic` and set the value to `user.lastName`
 - **internalId**: format `Basic` and set the value to `user.email`
6. Define the below field in 'Group Attribute Statements':
 - **role**: format `Basic` filter `Match Regex` value `.*` (or you can specify a different filter and regex according to your needs)
 - **adminPrivileges**: format `Basic` filter `Match Regex` value `admin` (the current user will have `admin privileges` if he is part of the **admin** group)
7. Press Next, Select 'I'm an Okta customer adding an internal app' and 'This is an internal app that we have created' then press 'Finish'
8. In the Sign On tab, scroll down and press 'View Setup Instructions' to see you SAML2 configuration
9. In your server, run `openreplay -e`
10. Under the `chalice` section, uncomment then set the following env variables:
   - **idp_entityId**: Identity Provider Issuer
   - **idp_sso_url**: Identity Provider Single Sign-On URL
   - **idp_x509cert**: X.509 Certificate, must be a one-line string, without line breaks (you can use <a href="https://www.samltool.com/format_x509cert.php" title="FORMAT A X509 CERTIFICATE" target="_blank">this tool</a> to format your value)
   - **idp_name**: Okta
12. Finally, save and quit using `:wq` for the changes to take effect.

## Example using Azure Active Directory

1. Login to your Azure portal and go to 'Azure Active Directory'
2. Press '+ Add', select 'Enterprise application' then click 'Create your own application'
3. Set the 'App Name' to OpenReplay then select 'Integrate any other application you don't find in the gallery (Non-gallery)' and press 'Create'
4. Navigate to 'Single sign-on' in the left-side menu and set the below values in the 'Basic SAML Configuration' block:
 - **Identifier (Entity ID)** to <code><ORDynamicCode id="domain" initialValue={initialValues.domain} client:idle/>/api/sso/saml2/metadata/</code>
 - **Reply URL (Assertion Consumer Service URL)** to <code><ORDynamicCode id="domain" initialValue={initialValues.domain} client:idle/>/api/sso/saml2/acs/</code>
 - **Logout URL** to <code><ORDynamicCode id="domain" initialValue={initialValues.domain} client:idle/>/api/sso/saml2/sls/</code>
5. Add the below claims in 'Attribute & Claims' block and ensure the 'Namespace' field is left empty for each of them:
 - **tenantKey**: set the value to <code><ORDynamicCode id="tenantKey" initialValue={initialValues.tenantKey} client:idle/></code>, found in OpenReplay dashboard under 'Preferences' > 'Account'
 - **firstName**: set the value to `user.givenname`
 - **lastName**: set the value to `user.surname`
 - **internalId**: set the value to `user.mail`
6. Navigate to 'Users and groups' and assign your select users to the application
7. Now SSH into your OpenReplay installation and run `openreplay -e`
8. Under the `chalice` section, uncomment then set the following env variables (values are found in 'Azure Active Directory' > 'OpenReplay' > 'Single sign-on'):
   - **idp_entityId**: Azure AD Identifier
   - **idp_sso_url**: Login URL
   - **idp_sls_url**: Logout URL
   - **idp_x509cert**: X.509 Certificate, must be a one-line string, without line breaks (you can use <a href="https://www.samltool.com/format_x509cert.php" title="FORMAT A X509 CERTIFICATE" target="_blank">this tool</a> to format your value)
   - **idp_name**: Active Directory
9.  Finally, save and quit using `:wq` for the changes to take effect

## Example using Google Workspace (formerly G Suite)

#### Add Custom Attributes:

1. In the Google Admin console, go to 'Directory' > 'Users' > 'More options' > 'Manage custom attributes'.
2. Click 'Add Custom Attribute'.
3. Set the following fields:
 - **Category**: 'OpenReplay'
 - **Custom fields**:
- **Name**: 'role'
- **Info type**: 'Text'
- **Visibility**: 'Visible to user and admin'
- **No. of values**: 'Single-value'
 - **Custom fields**:
- **Name**: 'adminPrivileges'
- **Info type**: 'Yes or No'
- **Visibility**: 'Visible to user and admin'
- **No. of values**: 'Single-value'
4. Click 'Add'
5. To add values to the new custom attributes, go to 'Users'
6. Select the desired user(s)
7. Click on 'User information' then edit the 'OpenReplay' section
8. Change the value of **role** to the desired role in 'OpenReplay' (the role should match the one created in OpenReplay dashboard under 'Preferences' > 'Roles')
9. Change the value of **adminPrivileges** to 'Yes' if the user is allowed to have Admin Privileges in OpenReplay
10. Click 'Save'

#### Configuration:

1. Login to your Google Admin Console and go to 'Apps'
2. Press 'Web and mobile apps' then click 'Add app' > 'Add custom SAML app'
3. Set the 'App name' to OpenReplay (you can upload this <a href="https://docs.openreplay.com/static/OpenReplay.png" target="_blank">icon</a> for 'App icon'') then press 'Continue'
4. Copy 'SSO URL', 'Entity ID' and 'Certificate' then click 'Continue' (we will use these values in step 11)
5. Set:
 - **ACS URL** to <code><ORDynamicCode id="domain" initialValue={initialValues.domain} client:idle/>/api/sso/saml2/acs/<ORDynamicCode id="tenantKey" initialValue={initialValues.tenantKey} client:idle/>/</code> (<code>{initialValues.tenantKey}</code> is found in OpenReplay dashboard under 'Preferences' > 'Account')
 - **Entity ID** to <code><ORDynamicCode id="domain" initialValue={initialValues.domain} client:idle/>/api/sso/saml2/metadata/</code>
 - **Name ID format** to `Email`
 - **Name ID** to `Basic information > Primary Email`
6. Click 'Continue' then hit 'Add Mapping' to add the below attributes:
 - `Basic information > First Name` -> **firstName**
 - `Basic information > Last Name` -> **lastName**
 - `Basic information > Primary Email` -> **internalId**
 - `OpenReplay > role` -> **role**
 - `OpenReplay > adminPrivileges` -> **adminPrivileges**
7. Click 'Finish'
8.  In the Google Admin Console, go to 'Apps' > 'Web and mobile apps' and select 'OpenReplay'
9.  Click 'User access', select 'ON for everyone' then hit 'Save'
10. In your server, run `openreplay -e`
11. Under the `chalice > env` section, uncomment and set the following attributes using the values from step 4:
   - **idp_sso_url**: paste the value of 'SSO URL'
   - **idp_entityId**: paste the value of 'Entity ID'
   - **idp_x509cert**: use <a href="https://www.samltool.com/format_x509cert.php" title="FORMAT A X509 CERTIFICATE" target="_blank">this tool</a> to format the copied/downloaded certificate
   - **idp_name**: set the value to `G-Suite`
   - **idp_tenantKey**: <code><ORDynamicCode id="tenantKey" initialValue={initialValues.tenantKey} client:idle/></code> found in OpenReplay dashboard under 'Preferences' > 'Account'
15. Finally, save and quit using `:wq` for the changes to take effect.

## Example using JumpCloud

1. Login to your JumpCloud administration dashboard and in the left menu, go to 'SSO'
2. Press '+ Add New Application', then select 'Custom SAML App'
3. Set the 'Display Label' to OpenReplay (you can upload this <a href="https://docs.openreplay.com/static/OpenReplay150x150.png" target="_blank">icon</a> for your application) then move to 'SSO' tab
4. Set:
- **IdP Entity ID** to <code>openreplay/<ORDynamicCode id="tenantKey" initialValue={initialValues.tenantKey} client:idle/></code>
- **SP Entity ID** to <code><ORDynamicCode id="domain" initialValue={initialValues.domain} client:idle/>/api/sso/saml2/metadata/</code>
- **ACS URL** to <code><ORDynamicCode id="domain" initialValue={initialValues.domain} client:idle/>/api/sso/saml2/acs/</code>
- **SAMLSubject NameID** to `email`
- **SAMLSubject NameID Format:** to `urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:1.1:nameid-format:emailAddress`
- **Signature Algorithm** to `RSA-SHA256`
- Check **Sign Assertion**
- **IDP URL** to end with <code>openreplay-<ORDynamicCode id="tenantKey" initialValue={initialValues.tenantKey} client:idle/></code> (this value cannot be changed later)
4. If you followed the <a href="#openreplay-certificate">OpenReplay-Certificate</a> instructions, you can upload the generated 'openreplay-sso.crt' file by pressing the 'Upload SP Certificate', otherwise ignore this step
5. Define the below fields in 'USER ATTRIBUTE MAPPING' by pressing the 'add attribute' button:
- **firstName**: set the value to `firstname`
- **lastName**: set the value to `lastname`
- **internalId**: set the value to `email`
- **role**: optional, the user’s role in OpenReplay, if it is a constant value for all users, you should define it in the next step,
otherwise you have to add a new string-attribute to the JumpCloud's group, call it `OpenReplayRole` and set the value to the role's name, and then in the SSO configuration, select 'Custom User or Group Attribute' and set the value to `OpenReplayRole`.
- **adminPrivileges**: optional, if it is a constant value for all users, you should define it in the next step, otherwise you have to add a new boolean-attribute to the JumpCloud's group, call it `OpenReplayAdminPrivileges` and set the value to the role's name, and then in the SSO configuration, select 'Custom User or Group Attribute' and set the value to `OpenReplayAdminPrivileges`.
6. Define the below fields in 'CONSTANT ATTRIBUTES' by pressing the 'add attribute' button:
- **tenantKey**: set the value to <code><ORDynamicCode id="tenantKey" initialValue={initialValues.tenantKey} client:idle/></code>, found in OpenReplay dashboard under 'Preferences' > 'Account'
- **role**: optional, ignore if defined in the previous step, the user’s role in OpenReplay, should match role name already defined in OpenReplay (default = `member`)
- **adminPrivileges**: optional, ignore if defined in the previous step, set the value to `true` if you want to give new users admin privilege, `false` if not
(default = `false`)
7. At this stage, you can move to the 'User Groups' tab, and select the group of users that will have access to OpenReplay, or you can do it later
8. Press 'activate' and 'continue' in the confirmation popup
9. Press the new OpenReplay application icon, then on the left dropdown 'IDP Certificate Valid' choose 'Download certificate'
9. In your server, run `openreplay -e`
10. Under the `chalice` section, uncomment then set the following env variables:
- **idp_entityId**: <code>openreplay/<ORDynamicCode id="tenantKey" initialValue={initialValues.tenantKey} client:idle/></code>
- **idp_sso_url**: <code>{ignoreValues.jumpcloud}/saml2/openreplay-<ORDynamicCode id="tenantKey" initialValue={initialValues.tenantKey} client:idle/></code>
- **idp_x509cert**: the downloaded certificate, must be a one-line string, without line breaks (you can use <a href="https://www.samltool.com/format_x509cert.php" title="FORMAT A X509 CERTIFICATE" target="_blank">this tool</a> to format your value)
- **idp_name**: JumpCloud
12. Finally, save and quit using `:wq` for the changes to take effect.

## Errors

### The response was received at http instead of http

This is very common, and is due to the 'X-Forwarded-Proto' header not being present in th request. In order to resolve that, make sure the Load Balancer is correctly forwarding the header to the OpenReplay backend.

Commit message:

TenantKey not required for dedicated instances

src/pages/en/v1.21.0/configuration/sso.mdx, after:

---
title: "SSO"
metaTitle: "SSO"
metaDescription: "How to setup Single-Sign-On (SSO) via SAML2."
---
import ORDynamicCode from '../../../../components/Code/ORDynamicCode';
export const initialValues = {domain: "YOUR_DOMAIN", tenantKey: "TENANT_KEY", port: "PORT"};
export const ignoreValues = {jumpcloud: "https://sso.jumpcloud.com"};

Single-Sign-On (via SAML2) is available on OpenReplay Enterprise Edition and Dedicated instances only.

## Identity Provider (IDP) configuration

In you Identity Provider's dashboard, create a new app called `openreplay` (you can use this <a href="https://docs.openreplay.com/static/OpenReplay.png" target="_blank">icon</a>), In the configuration page, make sure to set the following value (please make sure to replace <code>{initialValues.domain}</code> with the correct value, example `https://openreplay.mycompany.com`):

| Variable | Value |
|----------|-------------|
| ACS URL (also called Single Sign On URL or Consumer URL) | <code><ORDynamicCode id="domain" initialValue={initialValues.domain} client:idle/>/api/sso/saml2/acs/</code> |
| Entity ID (also called Audience) | <code><ORDynamicCode id="domain" initialValue={initialValues.domain} client:idle/>/api/sso/saml2/metadata/</code> |
| Single Logout URL (also called SLO URL) | <code><ORDynamicCode id="domain" initialValue={initialValues.domain} client:idle/>/api/sso/saml2/sls/</code> (optional) |
| Name ID (sometimes it is configurable in the 'Attribute Statements' or the 'Parameters' section) | `Email` or `EmailAddress` or `urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:1.1:nameid-format:emailAddress`, depending on your Identity Provider |
| SAML initiator | Set it to `Service Provider` (optional) |

In the 'Attribute Statements', or the 'Parameters' section, please make sure to define the following fields:

| Field | Value |
|----------|-------------|
| tenantKey | <code><ORDynamicCode id="tenantKey" initialValue={initialValues.tenantKey} client:idle/></code> its value can be found in the Dashboard, under 'Preferences' > 'Account' (Note: It should be ignored/left empty if you're using a dedicated/cloud instance) |
| firstName | `user.firstName` |
| lastName |  `user.lastName` |
| internalId | Internal ID or `user.email` (the user's ID in your identity management system) (optional) |
| role | The user's role, depending on you Identity Provider it can be `user.role` or `group`, etc. (optional, default = `member`) |
| adminPrivileges | If the user have admin privileges or not, if this field contains any value different from `false`, it will be considered as `true`. (optional, default = `false`) |

You should now have all the required values for the next step/section.

## SSO (SAML2) configuration

To enable SSO, run `openreplay -e` and uncomment then update the below env variables in `chalice` section:

| Variable | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| idp_entityId | The `entityId` of your identity provider, also referred to as `Issuer URL` |
| idp_sso_url | The `singleSignOnService` of your identity provider, also referred to as `SAML 2.0 Endpoint (HTTP)` |
| idp_x509cert | The `x509cert`, must be a one-line string, without line breaks. You can use <a href="https://www.samltool.com/format_x509cert.php" title="FORMAT A X509 CERTIFICATE" target="_blank">this tool</a> to format your value |
| idp_name | The identity provider's name (optional) |
| idp_sls_url | The `singleLogoutService` of your identity provider, also referred to as `SLO Endpoint (HTTP)` (optional) |
| enforce_SSO | If set to `true`, all connexions with username and password will be blocked (optional, default=`false`) |

Then, save and quit using `:wq` for the changes to take effect:

## OpenReplay certificate

This is optional, you can add a x509 certificate for extra SSO security:

1. run this command in your server or your secure machine (you can change the validity time of your certificate according to your needs):
```bash
openssl req -x509 -nodes -days 365 -newkey rsa:2048 -keyout openreplay-sso.key -out openreplay-sso.crt
```
1. In your server, run `openreplay -e`
2. Under the `chalice` section, add the following env variables:
- **sp_crt**: must be a one-line string, without line breaks of the generated 'openreplay-sso.crt' file (you can use <a href="https://www.samltool.com/format_x509cert.php" title="FORMAT A X509 CERTIFICATE" target="_blank">this tool</a> to format your value)
- **sp_key**: must be a one-line string, without line breaks of the generated 'openreplay-sso.key' file
1. Save and quit using `:wq` for the changes to take effect
2. Add the generated 'openreplay-sso.crt' file to your Identity Provider's application configuration

## Example using Okta

1. Login to your Okta administration dashboard and go to 'Applications' > 'Applications'
2. Press 'Create new app integration', then select SAML 2.0 and press 'Next'
3. Set the 'App Name' to OpenReplay (you can upload this <a href="https://docs.openreplay.com/static/OpenReplay.png" target="_blank">icon</a>) for your application) then press 'Next'
4. Set:
 - **Single sign on URL** to <code><ORDynamicCode id="domain" initialValue={initialValues.domain} client:idle/>/api/sso/saml2/acs/</code>
 - **Audience URI (SP Entity ID)** to <code><ORDynamicCode id="domain" initialValue={initialValues.domain} client:idle/>/api/sso/saml2/metadata/</code>
 - **Name ID format** to `EmailAddress`
5. Define the below fields in 'Attribute Statements':
 - **tenantKey**: format `Basic` and set the value to <code><ORDynamicCode id="tenantKey" initialValue={initialValues.tenantKey} client:idle/></code>, found in OpenReplay dashboard under 'Preferences' > 'Account' (Note: It should be ignored/left empty if you're using a dedicated/cloud instance).
 - **firstName**: format `Basic` and set the value to `user.firstName`
 - **lastName**: format `Basic` and set the value to `user.lastName`
 - **internalId**: format `Basic` and set the value to `user.email`
6. Define the below field in 'Group Attribute Statements':
 - **role**: format `Basic` filter `Match Regex` value `.*` (or you can specify a different filter and regex according to your needs)
 - **adminPrivileges**: format `Basic` filter `Match Regex` value `admin` (the current user will have `admin privileges` if he is part of the **admin** group)
7. Press Next, Select 'I'm an Okta customer adding an internal app' and 'This is an internal app that we have created' then press 'Finish'
8. In the Sign On tab, scroll down and press 'View Setup Instructions' to see you SAML2 configuration
9. In your server, run `openreplay -e`
10. Under the `chalice` section, uncomment then set the following env variables:
   - **idp_entityId**: Identity Provider Issuer
   - **idp_sso_url**: Identity Provider Single Sign-On URL
   - **idp_x509cert**: X.509 Certificate, must be a one-line string, without line breaks (you can use <a href="https://www.samltool.com/format_x509cert.php" title="FORMAT A X509 CERTIFICATE" target="_blank">this tool</a> to format your value)
   - **idp_name**: Okta
12. Finally, save and quit using `:wq` for the changes to take effect.

## Example using Azure Active Directory

1. Login to your Azure portal and go to 'Azure Active Directory'
2. Press '+ Add', select 'Enterprise application' then click 'Create your own application'
3. Set the 'App Name' to OpenReplay then select 'Integrate any other application you don't find in the gallery (Non-gallery)' and press 'Create'
4. Navigate to 'Single sign-on' in the left-side menu and set the below values in the 'Basic SAML Configuration' block:
 - **Identifier (Entity ID)** to <code><ORDynamicCode id="domain" initialValue={initialValues.domain} client:idle/>/api/sso/saml2/metadata/</code>
 - **Reply URL (Assertion Consumer Service URL)** to <code><ORDynamicCode id="domain" initialValue={initialValues.domain} client:idle/>/api/sso/saml2/acs/</code>
 - **Logout URL** to <code><ORDynamicCode id="domain" initialValue={initialValues.domain} client:idle/>/api/sso/saml2/sls/</code>
5. Add the below claims in 'Attribute & Claims' block and ensure the 'Namespace' field is left empty for each of them:
 - **tenantKey**: set the value to <code><ORDynamicCode id="tenantKey" initialValue={initialValues.tenantKey} client:idle/></code>, found in OpenReplay dashboard under 'Preferences' > 'Account' (Note: It should be ignored/left empty if you're using a dedicated/cloud instance).
 - **firstName**: set the value to `user.givenname`
 - **lastName**: set the value to `user.surname`
 - **internalId**: set the value to `user.mail`
6. Navigate to 'Users and groups' and assign your select users to the application
7. Now SSH into your OpenReplay installation and run `openreplay -e`
8. Under the `chalice` section, uncomment then set the following env variables (values are found in 'Azure Active Directory' > 'OpenReplay' > 'Single sign-on'):
   - **idp_entityId**: Azure AD Identifier
   - **idp_sso_url**: Login URL
   - **idp_sls_url**: Logout URL
   - **idp_x509cert**: X.509 Certificate, must be a one-line string, without line breaks (you can use <a href="https://www.samltool.com/format_x509cert.php" title="FORMAT A X509 CERTIFICATE" target="_blank">this tool</a> to format your value)
   - **idp_name**: Active Directory
9.  Finally, save and quit using `:wq` for the changes to take effect

## Example using Google Workspace (formerly G Suite)

#### Add Custom Attributes:

1. In the Google Admin console, go to 'Directory' > 'Users' > 'More options' > 'Manage custom attributes'.
2. Click 'Add Custom Attribute'.
3. Set the following fields:
 - **Category**: 'OpenReplay'
 - **Custom fields**:
- **Name**: 'role'
- **Info type**: 'Text'
- **Visibility**: 'Visible to user and admin'
- **No. of values**: 'Single-value'
 - **Custom fields**:
- **Name**: 'adminPrivileges'
- **Info type**: 'Yes or No'
- **Visibility**: 'Visible to user and admin'
- **No. of values**: 'Single-value'
4. Click 'Add'
5. To add values to the new custom attributes, go to 'Users'
6. Select the desired user(s)
7. Click on 'User information' then edit the 'OpenReplay' section
8. Change the value of **role** to the desired role in 'OpenReplay' (the role should match the one created in OpenReplay dashboard under 'Preferences' > 'Roles')
9. Change the value of **adminPrivileges** to 'Yes' if the user is allowed to have Admin Privileges in OpenReplay
10. Click 'Save'

#### Configuration:

1. Login to your Google Admin Console and go to 'Apps'
2. Press 'Web and mobile apps' then click 'Add app' > 'Add custom SAML app'
3. Set the 'App name' to OpenReplay (you can upload this <a href="https://docs.openreplay.com/static/OpenReplay.png" target="_blank">icon</a> for 'App icon'') then press 'Continue'
4. Copy 'SSO URL', 'Entity ID' and 'Certificate' then click 'Continue' (we will use these values in step 11)
5. Set:
 - **ACS URL** to <code><ORDynamicCode id="domain" initialValue={initialValues.domain} client:idle/>/api/sso/saml2/acs/<ORDynamicCode id="tenantKey" initialValue={initialValues.tenantKey} client:idle/>/</code> (<code>{initialValues.tenantKey}</code> is found in OpenReplay dashboard under 'Preferences' > 'Account'. Note: It should be ignored/left empty if you're using a dedicated/cloud instance.)
 - **Entity ID** to <code><ORDynamicCode id="domain" initialValue={initialValues.domain} client:idle/>/api/sso/saml2/metadata/</code>
 - **Name ID format** to `Email`
 - **Name ID** to `Basic information > Primary Email`
6. Click 'Continue' then hit 'Add Mapping' to add the below attributes:
 - `Basic information > First Name` -> **firstName**
 - `Basic information > Last Name` -> **lastName**
 - `Basic information > Primary Email` -> **internalId**
 - `OpenReplay > role` -> **role**
 - `OpenReplay > adminPrivileges` -> **adminPrivileges**
7. Click 'Finish'
8.  In the Google Admin Console, go to 'Apps' > 'Web and mobile apps' and select 'OpenReplay'
9.  Click 'User access', select 'ON for everyone' then hit 'Save'
10. In your server, run `openreplay -e`
11. Under the `chalice > env` section, uncomment and set the following attributes using the values from step 4:
   - **idp_sso_url**: paste the value of 'SSO URL'
   - **idp_entityId**: paste the value of 'Entity ID'
   - **idp_x509cert**: use <a href="https://www.samltool.com/format_x509cert.php" title="FORMAT A X509 CERTIFICATE" target="_blank">this tool</a> to format the copied/downloaded certificate
   - **idp_name**: set the value to `G-Suite`
   - **idp_tenantKey**: <code><ORDynamicCode id="tenantKey" initialValue={initialValues.tenantKey} client:idle/></code> found in OpenReplay dashboard under 'Preferences' > 'Account' (Note: It should be ignored/left empty if you're using a dedicated/cloud instance).
15. Finally, save and quit using `:wq` for the changes to take effect.

## Example using JumpCloud

1. Login to your JumpCloud administration dashboard and in the left menu, go to 'SSO'
2. Press '+ Add New Application', then select 'Custom SAML App'
3. Set the 'Display Label' to OpenReplay (you can upload this <a href="https://docs.openreplay.com/static/OpenReplay150x150.png" target="_blank">icon</a> for your application) then move to 'SSO' tab
4. Set:
- **IdP Entity ID** to <code>openreplay/<ORDynamicCode id="tenantKey" initialValue={initialValues.tenantKey} client:idle/></code>
- **SP Entity ID** to <code><ORDynamicCode id="domain" initialValue={initialValues.domain} client:idle/>/api/sso/saml2/metadata/</code>
- **ACS URL** to <code><ORDynamicCode id="domain" initialValue={initialValues.domain} client:idle/>/api/sso/saml2/acs/</code>
- **SAMLSubject NameID** to `email`
- **SAMLSubject NameID Format:** to `urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:1.1:nameid-format:emailAddress`
- **Signature Algorithm** to `RSA-SHA256`
- Check **Sign Assertion**
- **IDP URL** to end with <code>openreplay-<ORDynamicCode id="tenantKey" initialValue={initialValues.tenantKey} client:idle/></code> (this value cannot be changed later)
4. If you followed the <a href="#openreplay-certificate">OpenReplay-Certificate</a> instructions, you can upload the generated 'openreplay-sso.crt' file by pressing the 'Upload SP Certificate', otherwise ignore this step
5. Define the below fields in 'USER ATTRIBUTE MAPPING' by pressing the 'add attribute' button:
- **firstName**: set the value to `firstname`
- **lastName**: set the value to `lastname`
- **internalId**: set the value to `email`
- **role**: optional, the user’s role in OpenReplay, if it is a constant value for all users, you should define it in the next step,
otherwise you have to add a new string-attribute to the JumpCloud's group, call it `OpenReplayRole` and set the value to the role's name, and then in the SSO configuration, select 'Custom User or Group Attribute' and set the value to `OpenReplayRole`.
- **adminPrivileges**: optional, if it is a constant value for all users, you should define it in the next step, otherwise you have to add a new boolean-attribute to the JumpCloud's group, call it `OpenReplayAdminPrivileges` and set the value to the role's name, and then in the SSO configuration, select 'Custom User or Group Attribute' and set the value to `OpenReplayAdminPrivileges`.
6. Define the below fields in 'CONSTANT ATTRIBUTES' by pressing the 'add attribute' button:
- **tenantKey**: set the value to <code><ORDynamicCode id="tenantKey" initialValue={initialValues.tenantKey} client:idle/></code>, found in OpenReplay dashboard under 'Preferences' > 'Account' (Note: It should be ignored/left empty if you're using a dedicated/cloud instance).
- **role**: optional, ignore if defined in the previous step, the user’s role in OpenReplay, should match role name already defined in OpenReplay (default = `member`)
- **adminPrivileges**: optional, ignore if defined in the previous step, set the value to `true` if you want to give new users admin privilege, `false` if not
(default = `false`)
7. At this stage, you can move to the 'User Groups' tab, and select the group of users that will have access to OpenReplay, or you can do it later
8. Press 'activate' and 'continue' in the confirmation popup
9. Press the new OpenReplay application icon, then on the left dropdown 'IDP Certificate Valid' choose 'Download certificate'
9. In your server, run `openreplay -e`
10. Under the `chalice` section, uncomment then set the following env variables:
- **idp_entityId**: <code>openreplay/<ORDynamicCode id="tenantKey" initialValue={initialValues.tenantKey} client:idle/></code>
- **idp_sso_url**: <code>{ignoreValues.jumpcloud}/saml2/openreplay-<ORDynamicCode id="tenantKey" initialValue={initialValues.tenantKey} client:idle/></code>
- **idp_x509cert**: the downloaded certificate, must be a one-line string, without line breaks (you can use <a href="https://www.samltool.com/format_x509cert.php" title="FORMAT A X509 CERTIFICATE" target="_blank">this tool</a> to format your value)
- **idp_name**: JumpCloud
12. Finally, save and quit using `:wq` for the changes to take effect.

## Errors

### The response was received at http instead of http

This is very common, and is due to the 'X-Forwarded-Proto' header not being present in th request. In order to resolve that, make sure the Load Balancer is correctly forwarding the header to the OpenReplay backend.
