content/configuration.md, before:

---
title: "Configuration"
metaTitle: "Configuration"
metaDescription: "How to configure and personalize your OpenReplay instance."
---

Your OpenReplay instance can be easily configured. Here are step-by-step tutorials for enabling email services, securing your installation and delete recordings from the database.

## Step-by-step guides
- [Configure SMTP](/configuration/configure-smtp): Setup SMTP for receiving alerts, weekly reports, inviting new users to OpenReplay and resetting passwords.
- [Secure OpenReplay](/configuration/secure-or): Secure OpenReplay by configuring SSL, reCaptcha and setting a CSP.
- [Proxy Settings](/configuration/proxy-settings): Run OpenReplay behind a proxy like NGINX or Apache2.
- [Delete Recordings](/configuration/delete-recordings): Delete recordings in bulk from database and cleanup your storage.
- [Change Recordings' Storage](/configuration/recordings-storage): Change the default storage destination of your recordings.
- [Single-Sign-On (SAML)](/configuration/sso): Setup Single-Sign-On (SSO) via SAML.

Commit message:

docs: minor changes to recording storage information

content/configuration.md, after:

---
title: "Configuration"
metaTitle: "Configuration"
metaDescription: "How to configure and personalize your OpenReplay instance."
---

Your OpenReplay instance can be easily configured. Here are step-by-step tutorials for enabling email services, securing your installation and delete recordings from the database.

## Step-by-step guides
- [Configure SMTP](/configuration/configure-smtp): Setup SMTP for receiving alerts, weekly reports, inviting new users to OpenReplay and resetting passwords.
- [Secure OpenReplay](/configuration/secure-or): Secure OpenReplay by configuring SSL, reCaptcha and setting a CSP.
- [Proxy Settings](/configuration/proxy-settings): Run OpenReplay behind a proxy like NGINX or Apache2.
- [Recording Storage & Cleanup](/configuration/recording-storage): How recordings are stored, and how to delete in bulk from database and cleanup your storage.
- [External Recordings' Storage](/configuration/external-storage): Change the default storage destination of your recordings.
- [Single-Sign-On (SAML)](/configuration/sso): Setup Single-Sign-On (SSO) via SAML.
