src/pages/en/installation.mdx, before:

---
title: "How-tos"
metaTitle: "How-tos"
metaDescription: "How to setup and get started with OpenReplay."
---

This section contains everything you need to get started with OpenReplay, from basic to advanced setup.

## Main How-To's
- [How to identify a User](/installation/identify-user): Associate your internal user ID with the session being recorded.
- [How to add users to your team](/tutorials/adding-users): Learn how to add users to your team.
- [How to send Metadata](/installation/metadata): Also referred to as traits or user variables, metadata provides additional information about users while recording sessions.
- [How to send custom Events](/installation/custom-events): Add more intelligence by recording domain-specific events alongside session replays.
- [How to do Error Reporting](/installation/error-reporting): Report errors and exceptions and see them under the 'Errors' tab.
- [How to Upload Source-Maps](/installation/upload-sourcemaps): Make debugging easier by seeing the source code context obtained from stack traces in their original form.
- [How to Sanitize Data](/installation/sanitize-data): How to sanitize data at both a global and/or granular level.
- [How to create custom heuristic](/tutorials/custom-heuristics): Learn how to add custom logic to the backend to test for custom use behavior.
- [How to use the OmniSearch bar](/tutorials/omnisearch): Learn how to get the most of our powerful search bar.
- [How to create your own custom dashboards](/tutorials/custom-dashboard): Create your own metrics and dashboards with this tutorial.
- [How to use OpenReplay Spot](/tutorials/spot): Record bugs directly from your browser, with all the context developers need to fix them.

Commit message:

revisit sidebar and pages from tutorials and installation

src/pages/en/installation.mdx, after:

---
title: "Advanced Setup"
metaTitle: "Advanced Setup & Configuration"
metaDescription: "How to set up and configure OpenReplay."
---

This section contains everything you need to get started with OpenReplay, from basic to advanced setup.

## Main Setup Guides
- [How to identify a User](/installation/identify-user): Associate your internal user ID with the session being recorded.
- [How to Configure Canvas and WebGL](/installation/canvas): Learn how to integrate and configure Canvas and WebGL for your project.
- [How to Set Up Cross-Domain iFrames](/installation/crossdomain-iframe): Configure cross-domain iFrames for seamless integration.
- [How to Configure WebSockets](/installation/websockets): Set up WebSockets for real-time communication in your application.
- [How to send Metadata](/installation/metadata): Also referred to as traits or user variables, metadata provides additional information about users while recording sessions.
- [How to send custom Events](/installation/custom-events): Add more intelligence by recording domain-specific events alongside session replays.
- [How to Customize Network Options (Web)](/installation/network-options): Customize network configurations for your web environment.
- [How to Sanitize Data (Web)](/installation/sanitize-data): How to sanitize data at both a global and/or granular level.
- [How to Sanitize Data (iOS)](/installation/sanitize-data-ios): How to sanitize data specifically for iOS applications.
- [How to do Error Tracking](/installation/error-reporting): Track errors and exceptions and troubleshoot with full context.
- [How to Upload Source-Maps](/installation/upload-sourcemaps): Make debugging easier by seeing the source code context obtained from stack traces in their original form.
