src/pages/en/product-analytics.mdx, before:

---
title: "Product Analytics"
metaTitle: "Product Analytics"
metaDescription: "Explore how to configure and utilize Product Analytics in OpenReplay to gain actionable insights."
---

Product Analytics in OpenReplay provides you with powerful tools to track user behavior, measure performance, and make data-driven decisions. From trends to detailed journeys, OpenReplay enables you to analyze user activity and optimize your product experience.

## Guides
- [Trends](/product-analytics/trends): Track key metrics and identify patterns over time with Trends.
- [Funnels](/product-analytics/funnels): Analyze user conversion paths and identify drop-off points.
- [Journeys](/product-analytics/journeys): Visualize complete user flows and uncover navigation insights.
- [Heatmaps](/product-analytics/heatmaps): Discover where users click, scroll, and spend time on your application.
- [Dashboards](/product-analytics/dashboards): Build custom dashboards to track your most important KPIs.
- [Web Analytics](/product-analytics/web-analytics): Monitor overall web traffic and user behavior.
- [Monitors](/product-analytics/monitors): Track critical issues and errors affecting your application's stability and performance.

## Advanced Setup
- [Custom Events](/product-analytics/custom-events): Capture and analyze custom events specific to your application.


## Have questions?

If you encounter any issues, connect to our [Slack](https://slack.openreplay.com) or check out our [Forum](https://forum.openreplay.com) and get help from our community.

Commit message:

v1.25 (#246)
* Init

* add data-management page

* update images to white

* Review data management section

* Removed deprecated versions

* add cross links data-management <-> sdk

* changed Okta instructions

---------

Co-authored-by: nick-delirium <nikita@openreplay.com>
Co-authored-by: Taha Yassine Kraiem <tahayk2@gmail.com>

src/pages/en/product-analytics.mdx, after:

---
title: "Product Analytics"
metaTitle: "Product Analytics"
metaDescription: "Explore how to configure and utilize Product Analytics in OpenReplay to gain actionable insights."
---

Product Analytics in OpenReplay provides you with powerful tools to track user behavior, measure performance, and make data-driven decisions. From trends to detailed journeys, OpenReplay enables you to analyze user activity and optimize your product experience.

## Guides
- [Trends](/product-analytics/trends): Track key metrics and identify patterns over time with Trends.
- [Funnels](/product-analytics/funnels): Analyze user conversion paths and identify drop-off points.
- [Journeys](/product-analytics/journeys): Visualize complete user flows and uncover navigation insights.
- [Heatmaps](/product-analytics/heatmaps): Discover where users click, scroll, and spend time on your application.
- [Dashboards](/product-analytics/dashboards): Build custom dashboards to track your most important KPIs.
- [Web Analytics](/product-analytics/web-analytics): Monitor overall web traffic and user behavior.
- [Monitors](/product-analytics/monitors): Track critical issues and errors affecting your application's stability and performance.

## Advanced Setup
- [Custom Events](/product-analytics/custom-events): Capture and analyze custom events specific to your application.
- [Data Management](/product-analytics/data-management): Track custom events and user properties, and manage your analytics data in the UI.


## Have questions?

If you encounter any issues, connect to our [Slack](https://slack.openreplay.com) or check out our [Forum](https://forum.openreplay.com) and get help from our community.
