src/pages/en/tutorials.mdx, before:

---
title: "Tutorials"
metaTitle: "Tutorials"
metaDescription: "Tutorials and How-tos for getting the most out of OpenReplay."
---

Follow the below tutorials to get the most out of OpenReplay.

## How-tos

Learn from the below tutorials using real-world use cases.

### Plugins
- [Create your own plugins](/tutorials/build-plugins): Learn how to build your own custom plugins in your self-hosted OpenReplay instance.
- [Assist](/tutorials/assist): Offer the best support and on-boarding exeprience for your end users though live session replay.
- [Fetch Plugin](/tutorials/fetch): Learn how to set up and sanitize request information using the Fetch plugin.
- [Axios Plugin](/tutorials/axios): Learn how to set up and sanitize request information using the Axios plugin.
- [Redux Plugin](/tutorials/redux): Learn how to set up the Redux plugin to capture state changes in your session replays.
- [VueX Plugin](/tutorials/vuex): Learn how to set up the VueX plugin to capture state changes in your session replays.
- [GraphQL Plugin](/tutorials/graphql): Learn how to set up the GraphQL plugin to capture operation data in your session replays.
- [Zustand Plugin](/tutorials/zustand): Tracking state data from Zustand with the Zustand Tracker plugin.
- [Pinia Plugin](/tutorials/pinia): Tracking state data from Pinia with the Pinia Tracker plugin.

### Features

- [OmniSearch](/tutorials/omnisearch): Take advantage of our powerful search feature to find the right type of session for your project.
- [Adding users to your team](/tutorials/adding-users): Learn how to add users to your self-hosted instance of OpenReplay.
- [Issue Types](/tutorials/issues): Learn what all the auto-detected issues mean and how to get the most out of them.
- [Enhance your tracking ability with Custom Events](/tutorials/custom-events): Learn about custom events and how you can increase your tracking super powers.
- Dashboards:
   - [Creating custom dashboards](/tutorials/custom-dashboard): Learn how to leverage custom dashboards to visualize the current state of your system.
   - [Creating custom funnel](/tutorials/funnels): Learn how to create custom funnels to understand what's causing your conversion drops.
   - [Showing JavaScript errors on a custom dashboards](/tutorials/js-errors-dashboard): Add a custom metric (JS Errors) into your Dashboards with this tutorial.
- [Spot](/tutorials/spot): Record bugs directly from your browser, with all the context developers need to fix them.

### Integrations with other frameworks

- Getting started with:
   - [Next.js and OpenReplay](/tutorials/next): Learn how to integrate the tracker into your Next.js application.
   - [Nuxt and OpenReplay](/using-or/nuxt): Learn how to integrate the tracker into your Nuxt application.
   - [Remix and OpenReplay](/using-or/remix): Learn how to integrate the tracker into your Remix application.
   - [Svelte and OpenReplay](/using-or/svelte): Learn how to integrate the tracker into your Svelte application.
   - [Angular and OpenReplay](/using-or/angular): Learn how to integrate the tracker into your Angular application and track request data.
   - [Gatsby and OpenReplay](/using-or/gatsby): Learn how to integrate the tracker into your Gatsby project.

### Extend OpenReplay with new features
- [Custom heuristic](/tutorials/custom-heuristics): Make your own issue detection algorithm and add it to OpenReplay heuristics engine.

Commit message:

revisit sidebar and pages from tutorials and installation

src/pages/en/tutorials.mdx, after:

---
title: "Tutorials"
metaTitle: "Tutorials"
metaDescription: "Tutorials and How-tos for getting the most out of OpenReplay."
---

Follow the below tutorials to get the most out of OpenReplay.

## How-tos

Learn from the below tutorials using real-world use cases.

- [How to invite team members](/tutorials/invite-team-members): Learn how to invite team members in OpenReplay.
- [How to add roles and set access permissions](/tutorials/roles-and-access): Learn how to define roles and access for team members for OpenReplay Enterprise Edition.
- [How to create custom heuristic](/tutorials/custom-heuristics): Learn how to add custom logic to the backend to test for custom use behavior.
- [How to use the OmniSearch bar](/tutorials/omnisearch): Learn how to get the most of our powerful search bar.
- [How to create your own custom dashboards](/tutorials/custom-dashboard): Create your own metrics and dashboards with this tutorial.
- [How to use OpenReplay Spot](/tutorials/spot): Record bugs directly from your browser, with all the context developers need to fix them.

### Plugins
- [Create your own plugins](/tutorials/build-plugins): Learn how to build your own custom plugins in your self-hosted OpenReplay instance.
- [Assist](/tutorials/assist): Offer the best support and on-boarding exeprience for your end users though live session replay.
- [Fetch Plugin](/tutorials/fetch): Learn how to set up and sanitize request information using the Fetch plugin.
- [Axios Plugin](/tutorials/axios): Learn how to set up and sanitize request information using the Axios plugin.
- [Redux Plugin](/tutorials/redux): Learn how to set up the Redux plugin to capture state changes in your session replays.
- [VueX Plugin](/tutorials/vuex): Learn how to set up the VueX plugin to capture state changes in your session replays.
- [GraphQL Plugin](/tutorials/graphql): Learn how to set up the GraphQL plugin to capture operation data in your session replays.
- [Zustand Plugin](/tutorials/zustand): Tracking state data from Zustand with the Zustand Tracker plugin.
- [Pinia Plugin](/tutorials/pinia): Tracking state data from Pinia with the Pinia Tracker plugin.

### Features

- [OmniSearch](/tutorials/omnisearch): Take advantage of our powerful search feature to find the right type of session for your project.
- [Issue Types](/tutorials/issues): Learn what all the auto-detected issues mean and how to get the most out of them.
- [Enhance your tracking ability with Custom Events](/tutorials/custom-events): Learn about custom events and how you can increase your tracking super powers.
- Dashboards:
   - [Creating custom dashboards](/tutorials/custom-dashboard): Learn how to leverage custom dashboards to visualize the current state of your system.
   - [Creating custom funnel](/tutorials/funnels): Learn how to create custom funnels to understand what's causing your conversion drops.
   - [Showing JavaScript errors on a custom dashboards](/tutorials/js-errors-dashboard): Add a custom metric (JS Errors) into your Dashboards with this tutorial.
- [Spot](/tutorials/spot): Record bugs directly from your browser, with all the context developers need to fix them.

### Integrations with other frameworks

- Getting started with:
   - [Next.js and OpenReplay](/tutorials/next): Learn how to integrate the tracker into your Next.js application.
   - [Nuxt and OpenReplay](/using-or/nuxt): Learn how to integrate the tracker into your Nuxt application.
   - [Remix and OpenReplay](/using-or/remix): Learn how to integrate the tracker into your Remix application.
   - [Svelte and OpenReplay](/using-or/svelte): Learn how to integrate the tracker into your Svelte application.
   - [Angular and OpenReplay](/using-or/angular): Learn how to integrate the tracker into your Angular application and track request data.
   - [Gatsby and OpenReplay](/using-or/gatsby): Learn how to integrate the tracker into your Gatsby project.
