content/deployment/deploy-ovhcloud.md, before:

---
title: "Deploy to OVHcloud"
metaTitle: "Deploy to OVHcloud"
metaDescription: "Step-by-step guide for deploying OpenReplay on OVHcloud (Dedicated server, VPS, Private Cloud virtual machine or Public Cloud instance)."
---

OpenReplay stack can be installed on a single machine and OVHcloud Dedicated server, VPS, Private Cloud virtual machine or Public Cloud instance is an ideal candidate. Here's how to do it.

## Order your server or launch your instance

You can use any of the following OVHcloud products to deploy OpenReplay:

- Dedicated server
- VPS
- Private Cloud (inside a virtual machine)
- Public Cloud instance

Pre-requisites:

- Pick *Ubuntu Server 20.04 Focal Fossa* as the operating system.
- The minimum specs for the machine running OpenReplay are `2 vCPUs, 8 GB of RAM, 50 GB of storage`, otherwise OpenReplay backend services won't simply start. This should be enough for a low/moderate volume. If you're expecting high traffic, you should scale from here.
- A public IP address pointing to your server/instance.

## Deploy OpenReplay

1. Make sure your server/instance is started then connect to it through SSH as root

2. Install OpenReplay by providing the domain on which it will be running (e.g. DOMAIN_NAME=openreplay.mycompany.com):

```bash
git clone https://github.com/openreplay/openreplay.git
cd openreplay/scripts/helmcharts
DOMAIN_NAME=openreplay.mycompany.com bash init.sh
```

## Configure TLS/SSL

OpenReplay deals with sensitive user data and therefore requires HTTPS to run. This is mandatory, otherwise the tracker simply wouldn't start recording. Same thing for the dashboard, without HTTPS you won't be able to replay user sessions.

You must therefore bring (or generate) your own SSL certificate.

1. First, go to your OVHcloud control panel in 'Web cloud' > 'Domain names' > your domain (i.e. mycompany.com) > 'DNS zone' (or your other DNS service provider) and create an `A Record`. Use the domain you previously provided during the installation step and point it to the server/instance using its public IP.

2. If you're bringing your own certificate, create an SSL secret using the following command: `kubectl create secret tls openreplay-ssl -n app --key="private_key_file.pem" --cert="certificate.crt"`.

> **Note:** If you don't have a certificate, generate one, that auto-renews, for your subdomain (the one provided during installation) using Let's Encrypt. Simply connect to OpenReplay server/instance, run `cd openreplay/scripts/helmcharts && bash certmanager.sh` and follow the steps.

3. If you wish to enable http to https redirection (recommended), then uncomment the below block, under the `ingress-nginx` section, in `openreplay/scripts/helmcharts/vars.yaml`:
   
```yaml
ingress-nginx: &ingress-nginx
  controller:
    config:
      ssl-redirect: true
      force-ssl-redirect: true
```

4. Finally reinstall OpenReplay NGINX:

```bash
cd openreplay/scripts/helmcharts && ./openreplay-cli -I
```

You're all set now, OpenReplay should be accessible on your subdomain. You can create an account by visiting the `/signup` page (i.e. openreplay.mycompany.com/signup).

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues, connect to our [Discord](https://discord.openreplay.com) and get help from our community.

Commit message:

:star: External PG, nginx port and sentry update

content/deployment/deploy-ovhcloud.md, after:

---
title: "Deploy to OVHcloud"
metaTitle: "Deploy to OVHcloud"
metaDescription: "Step-by-step guide for deploying OpenReplay on OVHcloud (Dedicated server, VPS, Private Cloud virtual machine or Public Cloud instance)."
---

OpenReplay stack can be installed on a single machine and OVHcloud Dedicated server, VPS, Private Cloud virtual machine or Public Cloud instance is an ideal candidate. Here's how to do it.

## Order your server or launch your instance

You can use any of the following OVHcloud products to deploy OpenReplay:

- Dedicated server
- VPS
- Private Cloud (inside a virtual machine)
- Public Cloud instance

Pre-requisites:

- Pick *Ubuntu Server 20.04 Focal Fossa* as the operating system.
- The minimum specs for the machine running OpenReplay are `2 vCPUs, 8 GB of RAM, 50 GB of storage`, otherwise OpenReplay backend services won't simply start. This should be enough for a low/moderate volume. If you're expecting high traffic, you should scale from here.
- A public IP address pointing to your server/instance.

## Deploy OpenReplay

1. Make sure your server/instance is started then connect to it through SSH as root

2. Install OpenReplay by providing the domain on which it will be running (e.g. DOMAIN_NAME=openreplay.mycompany.com):

```bash
git clone https://github.com/openreplay/openreplay.git
cd openreplay/scripts/helmcharts
DOMAIN_NAME=openreplay.mycompany.com bash init.sh
```

## Configure TLS/SSL

OpenReplay deals with sensitive user data and therefore requires HTTPS to run. This is mandatory, otherwise the tracker simply wouldn't start recording. Same thing for the dashboard, without HTTPS you won't be able to replay user sessions.

You must therefore bring (or generate) your own SSL certificate.

1. First, go to your OVHcloud control panel in 'Web cloud' > 'Domain names' > your domain (i.e. mycompany.com) > 'DNS zone' (or your other DNS service provider) and create an `A Record`. Use the domain you previously provided during the installation step and point it to the server/instance using its public IP.

2. If you're bringing your own certificate, create an SSL secret using the following command: `kubectl create secret tls openreplay-ssl -n app --key="private_key_file.pem" --cert="certificate.crt"`.

> **Note:** If you don't have a certificate, generate one, that auto-renews, for your subdomain (the one provided during installation) using Let's Encrypt. Simply connect to OpenReplay server/instance, run `cd openreplay/scripts/helmcharts && bash certmanager.sh` and follow the steps.

3. If you wish to enable http to https redirection (recommended), then uncomment the below block, under the `ingress-nginx` section, in `openreplay/scripts/helmcharts/vars.yaml`:
   
```yaml
ingress-nginx: &ingress-nginx
  controller:
    config:
      ssl-redirect: true
      force-ssl-redirect: true
```

It's worth mentioning that our `ingress-nginx` runs by default on ports `80|443`, but this can be easily changed, if needed, in `vars.yaml`:

```yaml
ingress-nginx: &ingress-nginx
  controller:
    service:
      ports:
        http: 80
        https: 443
```

4. Finally reinstall OpenReplay NGINX:

```bash
cd openreplay/scripts/helmcharts && ./openreplay-cli -I
```

You're all set now, OpenReplay should be accessible on your subdomain. You can create an account by visiting the `/signup` page (i.e. openreplay.mycompany.com/signup).

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues, connect to our [Discord](https://discord.openreplay.com) and get help from our community.
