content/deployment/deploy-digitalocean.md, before:

---
title: "Deploy to Digital Ocean"
metaTitle: "Deploy to Digital Ocean"
metaDescription: "Step-by-step guide for deploying OpenReplay on Digital Ocean."
---

OpenReplay stack can be installed on a single machine (droplet) and Digital Ocean is an ideal candidate. Here's how to do it.

## Create a droplet

1. Create a new project (if you haven't done so) then navigate to it and click on 'Create' droplet
2. Choose the *Ubuntu Server 20.04 LTS* image
4. Go for the 'Shared CPU' and pick the `Regular Intel | 4 CPUs | 8GB` plan. These are the minimum specs for a moderate volume. If you're expecting high traffic, you should scale from here.
5. Click 'New SSH key' in 'Authentication' and follow the instructions to generate a key
6. Give your machine a name then hit 'Create droplet'

## Deploy OpenReplay

1. Make sure your droplet is `active` then connect to it:

```bash
## From your terminal
SSH_KEY=~/Downloads/openreplay-key.pem ## wherever you've saved the SSH key
INSTANCE_IP=REPLACE_WITH_DROPLET_PUBLIC_IP
chmod 400 $SSH_KEY
ssh -i $SSH_KEY root@$INSTANCE_IP
```

2. Install OpenReplay:

```shellsession
git clone https://github.com/openreplay/openreplay.git
cd openreplay/scripts/helm && bash install.sh
```

## Configure TLS/SSL

OpenReplay deals with sensitive user data and therefore requires HTTPS to run. This is mandatory, otherwise the tracker simply wouldn't start recording. Same thing for the dashboard, without HTTPS you won't be able to replay user sessions.

You must therefore bring and configure your own SSL certificate.

If you don't have a certificate, generate one for your subdomain (i.e. openreplay.mycompany.com) using Let's Encrypt. Connect to OpenReplay droplet, run `helm uninstall -n nginx-ingress nginx-ingress` then execute `bash openreplay/scripts/certbot.sh` and follow the steps (but first make sure your subdomain points to the droplet using its public IP).

Open the `vars.yaml` file with the command `vi openreplay/scripts/helm/vars.yaml` then substitute:
- `domain_name`: this is where OpenReplay will be accessible (i.e. openreplay.mycompany.com)
- `nginx_ssl_cert_file_path`: the path to you .cert file (i.e. /root/openreplay/my-cert.crt)
- `nginx_ssl_key_file_path`: the path to your .pem file (i.e. /root/openreplay/my-key.pem)

Restart OpenReplay NGINX (and choose whether to enable the default HTTP to HTTPS redirection using the `NGINX_REDIRECT_HTTPS` variable):

```bash
cd openreplay/scripts/helm
NGINX_REDIRECT_HTTPS=1 ./install.sh --app nginx
```

If you haven't yet done that, go to 'Manage' > 'Networking' > 'Domains' (or other external DNS service) and create an `A Record` that points to the droplet using its public IP (can be found in Droplets tab).

You're all set now, OpenReplay should be accessible on your subdomain. You can create an account by visiting the `/signup` page (i.e. openreplay.mycompany.com/signup).

> **Note:** You can also run OpenReplay behind an existing load balancer. If that's the case, then configure your SSL at the LB level:
- In Forwarding rules (Load Balancer): Select HTTPS (443) in Load Balancer section then click on 'Certificate' > 'Add a new certificate. If your domain is managed by Digital Ocean then you can follow the instructions in the Let's Encrypt option. Otherwise you must import your own certificate.
- In Forwarding rules (Droplet): Select HTTP (80) in Droplet section.

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues, connect to our [Slack](https://slack.openreplay.com) and get help from our community.

Commit message:

feat: domain required during installation
Co-Authored-By: Mehdi Osman <estradino@users.noreply.github.com>

content/deployment/deploy-digitalocean.md, after:

---
title: "Deploy to Digital Ocean"
metaTitle: "Deploy to Digital Ocean"
metaDescription: "Step-by-step guide for deploying OpenReplay on Digital Ocean."
---

OpenReplay stack can be installed on a single machine (droplet) and Digital Ocean is an ideal candidate. Here's how to do it.

## Create a droplet

1. Create a new project (if you haven't done so) then navigate to it and click on 'Create' droplet
2. Choose the *Ubuntu Server 20.04 LTS* image
4. Go for the 'Shared CPU' and pick the `Regular Intel | 4 CPUs | 8GB` plan. These are the minimum specs for a moderate volume. If you're expecting high traffic, you should scale from here.
5. Click 'New SSH key' in 'Authentication' and follow the instructions to generate a key
6. Give your machine a name then hit 'Create droplet'

## Deploy OpenReplay

1. Make sure your droplet is `active` then connect to it:

```bash
## From your terminal
SSH_KEY=~/Downloads/openreplay-key.pem ## wherever you've saved the SSH key
INSTANCE_IP=REPLACE_WITH_DROPLET_PUBLIC_IP
chmod 400 $SSH_KEY
ssh -i $SSH_KEY root@$INSTANCE_IP
```

2. Install OpenReplay:

```shellsession
git clone https://github.com/openreplay/openreplay.git
cd openreplay/scripts/helm && bash install.sh
```

> **Note:** You'll be prompted to provide the domain on which OpenReplay will be running (e.g. openreplay.mycompany.com). This is required to continue the installation.

## Configure TLS/SSL

OpenReplay deals with sensitive user data and therefore requires HTTPS to run. This is mandatory, otherwise the tracker simply wouldn't start recording. Same thing for the dashboard, without HTTPS you won't be able to replay user sessions.

You must therefore bring and configure your own SSL certificate.

If you don't have a certificate, generate one for your subdomain (i.e. openreplay.mycompany.com) using Let's Encrypt. Connect to OpenReplay droplet, run `helm uninstall -n nginx-ingress nginx-ingress` then execute `bash openreplay/scripts/certbot.sh` and follow the steps (but first make sure your subdomain points to the droplet using its public IP).

Open the `vars.yaml` file with the command `vi openreplay/scripts/helm/vars.yaml` then substitute:
- `domain_name`: this is where OpenReplay will be accessible (i.e. openreplay.mycompany.com)
- `nginx_ssl_cert_file_path`: the path to you .cert file (i.e. /root/openreplay/my-cert.crt)
- `nginx_ssl_key_file_path`: the path to your .pem file (i.e. /root/openreplay/my-key.pem)

Restart OpenReplay NGINX (and choose whether to enable the default HTTP to HTTPS redirection using the `NGINX_REDIRECT_HTTPS` variable):

```bash
cd openreplay/scripts/helm
NGINX_REDIRECT_HTTPS=1 ./install.sh --app nginx
```

If you haven't yet done that, go to 'Manage' > 'Networking' > 'Domains' (or your DNS service provider) and create an `A Record` that points to the droplet using its public IP (can be found in Droplets tab).

You're all set now, OpenReplay should be accessible on your subdomain. You can create an account by visiting the `/signup` page (i.e. openreplay.mycompany.com/signup).

> **Note:** You can also run OpenReplay behind an existing load balancer. If that's the case, then configure your SSL at the LB level:
- In Forwarding rules (Load Balancer): Select HTTPS (443) in Load Balancer section then click on 'Certificate' > 'Add a new certificate. If your domain is managed by Digital Ocean then you can follow the instructions in the Let's Encrypt option. Otherwise you must import your own certificate.
- In Forwarding rules (Droplet): Select HTTP (80) in Droplet section.

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues, connect to our [Slack](https://slack.openreplay.com) and get help from our community.
