src/pages/en/product-analytics/data-management.mdx, before:

---
title: "Data Management"
metaTitle: "Data Management - OpenReplay"
metaDescription: "Track custom events and user properties to power your product analytics in OpenReplay."
---

Data Management in OpenReplay allows you to track custom events and user properties to power your product analytics. This page covers both the SDK integration for sending data and the UI for managing it.

For complete SDK documentation, see the [Analytics SDK reference](/sdk/analytics).

## Events Overview

OpenReplay captures two types of events:

- **Auto-captured events**: Automatically tracked interactions like page views, clicks, and form submissions
- **Custom events**: Domain-specific events you define, such as "purchase completed" or "feature enabled"

Custom events let you track the specific user actions that matter to your business and use them in analytics features like [Trends](/product-analytics/trends), [Funnels](/product-analytics/funnels), and [Journeys](/product-analytics/journeys).

## Capturing Events

To track custom events, use the SDK's analytics events module. For complete API documentation, see the [Events SDK reference](/sdk/analytics/events).

### Basic Example

```ts
// Track a simple event
tracker.analytics.events.sendEvent("Button Clicked", {
  button_text: "Start",
  page: "home",
})
```

### Super Properties

Super properties are persistent key/value pairs automatically attached to every tracked event:

```ts
// Set super properties that apply to all events
tracker.analytics.events.setProperty({
  app_version: "1.42.0",
  env: "prod",
})

// This event will include app_version and env automatically
tracker.analytics.events.sendEvent("Signup Started", {
  plan: "pro",
})
```

## Enriching Users

User properties allow you to store attributes about your users for segmentation and analysis. For complete API documentation, see the [People SDK reference](/sdk/analytics/people).

### Identifying Users

```ts
// Identify the current user
tracker.analytics.people.identify("user_123")

// Set user properties
tracker.analytics.people.setProperties({
  email: "user@example.com",
  plan: "pro",
})
```

### Property Types

OpenReplay supports several property types:

| Type | Description | Examples |
|------|-------------|----------|
| **Auto-tracked** | Automatically captured by the SDK | Device, browser, OS, UTM parameters, referrer |
| **Special** | Special properties with defined behavior | `$user_id`, `$email`, `$name` |
| **Custom** | User-defined properties | `plan type`, `company`, `signup date` |

## Managing Data in the UI

OpenReplay provides a Data Management interface to browse, filter, and organize your users, events and their respective properties.

### People

<img src="/data-management/people-page.png" alt="Events Page" style={{ width: '700px', height: 'auto' }} />

The People tab provides a view of your identified users:

- Browse users and their properties
- Search by user ID or property values
- View user activity and session history
- Access individual user profiles

### Events

<img src="/data-management/events-page.png" alt="Events Page" style={{ width: '700px', height: 'auto' }} />

The Events tab displays all tracked event kinds in your project:

- Browse and search events by name
- Filter by event type (auto-captured vs custom)
- Edit event metadata (display name, description)
- Control event visibility in dashboards and filters

### Properties

<img src="/data-management/props-page.png" alt="Events Page" style={{ width: '700px', height: 'auto' }} />

The Properties tab lets you manage both user and event properties:

- Toggle between user properties and event properties
- View property types and value distributions
- Edit property display names
- Control property visibility in dashboards and filters 

### Activity

<img src="/data-management/activity-page.png" alt="Events Page" style={{ width: '700px', height: 'auto' }} />

The Activity tab shows a real-time stream of events:

- Monitor events as they're ingested
- Filter by event type or user
- Verify events are being captured correctly

### Mixpanel-compatible aliases

All methods support compatibility layer provided for familiarity:

```ts
tracker.analytics.people.set            // setProperties
tracker.analytics.people.set_once       // setPropertiesOnce
tracker.analytics.people.append         // appendValues
tracker.analytics.people.union          // appendUniqueValues
tracker.analytics.people.incrementBy    // increment
tracker.analytics.events.register       // setProperty
tracker.analytics.events.register_once  // setPropertiesOnce
tracker.analytics.events.unregister     // unsetProperties
tracker.analytics.events.track          // sendEvent
```

## Have questions?

If you encounter any issues, connect to our [Slack](https://slack.openreplay.com) or check out our [Forum](https://forum.openreplay.com) and get help from our community.

Commit message:

move actions inside data management

src/pages/en/product-analytics/data-management.mdx, after:

---
title: "Data Management"
metaTitle: "Data Management - OpenReplay"
metaDescription: "Track custom events and user properties to power your product analytics in OpenReplay."
---

Data Management in OpenReplay allows you to track custom events and user properties to power your product analytics. This page covers both the SDK integration for sending data and the UI for managing it.

For complete SDK documentation, see the [Analytics SDK reference](/sdk/analytics).

## Events Overview

OpenReplay captures two types of events:

- **Auto-captured events**: Automatically tracked interactions like page views, clicks, and form submissions
- **Custom events**: Domain-specific events you define, such as "purchase completed" or "feature enabled"

Custom events let you track the specific user actions that matter to your business and use them in analytics features like [Trends](/product-analytics/trends), [Funnels](/product-analytics/funnels), and [Journeys](/product-analytics/journeys).

## Capturing Events

To track custom events, use the SDK's analytics events module. For complete API documentation, see the [Events SDK reference](/sdk/analytics/events).

### Basic Example

```ts
// Track a simple event
tracker.analytics.events.sendEvent("Button Clicked", {
  button_text: "Start",
  page: "home",
})
```

### Super Properties

Super properties are persistent key/value pairs automatically attached to every tracked event:

```ts
// Set super properties that apply to all events
tracker.analytics.events.setProperty({
  app_version: "1.42.0",
  env: "prod",
})

// This event will include app_version and env automatically
tracker.analytics.events.sendEvent("Signup Started", {
  plan: "pro",
})
```

## Enriching Users

User properties allow you to store attributes about your users for segmentation and analysis. For complete API documentation, see the [People SDK reference](/sdk/analytics/people).

### Identifying Users

```ts
// Identify the current user
tracker.analytics.people.identify("user_123")

// Set user properties
tracker.analytics.people.setProperties({
  email: "user@example.com",
  plan: "pro",
})
```

### Property Types

OpenReplay supports several property types:

| Type | Description | Examples |
|------|-------------|----------|
| **Auto-tracked** | Automatically captured by the SDK | Device, browser, OS, UTM parameters, referrer |
| **Special** | Special properties with defined behavior | `$user_id`, `$email`, `$name` |
| **Custom** | User-defined properties | `plan type`, `company`, `signup date` |

## Managing Data in the UI

OpenReplay provides a Data Management interface to browse, filter, and organize your users, events and their respective properties.

### People

<img src="/data-management/people-page.png" alt="Events Page" style={{ width: '700px', height: 'auto' }} />

The People tab provides a view of your identified users:

- Browse users and their properties
- Search by user ID or property values
- View user activity and session history
- Access individual user profiles

### Events

<img src="/data-management/events-page.png" alt="Events Page" style={{ width: '700px', height: 'auto' }} />

The Events tab displays all tracked event kinds in your project:

- Browse and search events by name
- Filter by event type (auto-captured vs custom)
- Edit event metadata (display name, description)
- Control event visibility in dashboards and filters

### Properties

<img src="/data-management/props-page.png" alt="Events Page" style={{ width: '700px', height: 'auto' }} />

The Properties tab lets you manage both user and event properties:

- Toggle between user properties and event properties
- View property types and value distributions
- Edit property display names
- Control property visibility in dashboards and filters 

### Activity

<img src="/data-management/activity-page.png" alt="Events Page" style={{ width: '700px', height: 'auto' }} />

The Activity tab shows a real-time stream of events:

- Monitor events as they're ingested
- Filter by event type or user
- Verify events are being captured correctly

### Actions

Actions let you group multiple events into a single, reusable collection with a custom name and description. Instead of selecting individual events each time, you can define an Action once and use it across OpenReplay.

<img src="/data-management/actions-list.png" alt="Actions List" style={{ width: '700px', height: 'auto' }} />

To create an Action:

1. Go to the **Actions** tab in Data Management
2. Click **Create Action**
3. Give it a name and optional description
4. Select the events to include in the collection
5. Save the Action

Once created, Actions can be used in:

- **Session Search** — filter sessions by Action to quickly find relevant user activity
- **Dashboards** — use Actions as a metric in your charts and widgets
- **User Analytics** — segment and analyze users based on Action occurrence

<img src="/data-management/actions-search.png" alt="Using Actions in Session Search" style={{ width: '700px', height: 'auto' }} />

### Mixpanel-compatible aliases

All methods support compatibility layer provided for familiarity:

```ts
tracker.analytics.people.set            // setProperties
tracker.analytics.people.set_once       // setPropertiesOnce
tracker.analytics.people.append         // appendValues
tracker.analytics.people.union          // appendUniqueValues
tracker.analytics.people.incrementBy    // increment
tracker.analytics.events.register       // setProperty
tracker.analytics.events.register_once  // setPropertiesOnce
tracker.analytics.events.unregister     // unsetProperties
tracker.analytics.events.track          // sendEvent
```

## Have questions?

If you encounter any issues, connect to our [Slack](https://slack.openreplay.com) or check out our [Forum](https://forum.openreplay.com) and get help from our community.
