src/pages/en/sdk/analytics.mdx, before:

---
title: "Tracker Analytics SDK"
metaTitle: "Using OpenReplay tracker analytics SDK"
metaDescription: "Learn how to set up and use OpenReplay tracker analytics SDK"
---
import IconText from '~/components/Card/IconText.astro'

## Analytics SDK

Learn how to set up the OpenReplay tracker analytics SDK.

## Modules

- [People](/sdk/analytics/people): Manage user profiles and attributes.
- [Events](/sdk/analytics/events): Track and analyze user interactions and events.

## Top-level signatures

```ts
// Identify a user with an id (e.g. email, username, etc.)
tracker.analytics.identify(userId: string): void
// same as
tracker.analytics.people.identify()

// Add event to batch with option to send it immediately
tracker.analytics.track(eventName: string, tempProperties?: Record<string, any>, options?: { send_immediately: boolean })
// same as
tracker.analytics.events.track()
```

## Have questions?

If you encounter any issues, connect to our [Slack](https://slack.openreplay.com) or check out our [Forum](https://forum.openreplay.com) and get help from our community.

Commit message:

add cross links data-management <-> sdk

src/pages/en/sdk/analytics.mdx, after:

---
title: "Tracker Analytics SDK"
metaTitle: "Using OpenReplay tracker analytics SDK"
metaDescription: "Learn how to set up and use OpenReplay tracker analytics SDK"
---
import IconText from '~/components/Card/IconText.astro'

## Analytics SDK

Learn how to set up the OpenReplay tracker analytics SDK.

## Modules

- [People](/sdk/analytics/people): Manage user profiles and attributes.
- [Events](/sdk/analytics/events): Track and analyze user interactions and events.

To learn more about managing your analytics data in the OpenReplay UI, visit [Data Management](/product-analytics/data-management).

## Top-level signatures

```ts
// Identify a user with an id (e.g. email, username, etc.)
tracker.analytics.identify(userId: string): void
// same as
tracker.analytics.people.identify()

// Add event to batch with option to send it immediately
tracker.analytics.track(eventName: string, tempProperties?: Record<string, any>, options?: { send_immediately: boolean })
// same as
tracker.analytics.events.track()
```

## Have questions?

If you encounter any issues, connect to our [Slack](https://slack.openreplay.com) or check out our [Forum](https://forum.openreplay.com) and get help from our community.
