src/pages/en/troubleshooting/deployment-faq.mdx, before:

---
title: "Deployment FAQ"
metaTitle: "Deployment FAQ"
metaDescription: "Deployment related Frequently Asked Question (FAQ)"
---

## My installation suddenly stopped working
   
There might be multiple reasons for that. Here's how you can debug the situation:

1. Check the disk usage in the OpenReplay VM. If it's more than 80%, the services won't run.

```bash  
df -h
```

## Upgrade failed without any particular error
   
### I see "helm or another operation (install/upgrade/rollback) is in progress"

This usually means that you retried the installation/upgrade operation multiple times. Run the below command to resolve the situation:

```bash
helm rollback -n app openreplay
```

### I see no errors, just "installation failed"

```bash
# Check for failed pods
kubectl get pods -n app --field-selector="status.phase!=Succeeded,status.phase!=Running" -o custom-columns="POD:metadata.name"
        
# Check for the err logs
stern -n app `pod name from above`
 ```

## Have questions?
If you have any questions about this process, feel free to reach out to us on our [Slack](https://slack.openreplay.com) channel.

Commit message:

docs(faq): Adding skil ssl
Signed-off-by: rjshrjndrn <rjshrjndrn@gmail.com>

src/pages/en/troubleshooting/deployment-faq.mdx, after:

---
title: "Deployment FAQ"
metaTitle: "Deployment FAQ"
metaDescription: "Deployment related Frequently Asked Question (FAQ)"
---

## Signup is not working

1. Health check shows SSL check failed:
  
   a. If you've a self-signed certificate, you can use the following command to fix it:
        
        ```bash
        openreplay -e

        # Add following line to skip the SSL health check
        chalice:
          env:
            ...
            ...
            # append the following line under env section
            SKIP_H_SSL: true
        ```
    

## My installation suddenly stopped working
   
There might be multiple reasons for that. Here's how you can debug the situation:

1. Check the status of Installation, using `openreplay -s`

    a. Check the disk usage section. If it's more than 80%, the services won't run.

## Upgrade failed without any particular error
   
### I see "helm or another operation (install/upgrade/rollback) is in progress"

This usually means that you retried the installation/upgrade operation multiple times. Run the below command to resolve the situation:

```bash
helm rollback -n app openreplay
```

### I see no errors, just "installation failed"

```bash
# Check for failed pods
kubectl get pods -n app --field-selector="status.phase!=Succeeded,status.phase!=Running" -o custom-columns="POD:metadata.name"
        
# Check for the err logs
openreplay -l `pod name from above`
 ```

## Have questions?
If you have any questions about this process, feel free to reach out to us on our [Slack](https://slack.openreplay.com) channel.
